hey guys this is Austin and today mute
the review of the new Samsung Galaxy s4
at first glance it looks nearly
identical to the galaxy s3 and as far as
the hardware goes the changes are
definitely subtle it's still entirely
made out of plastic with a carbon fiber
like texture which looks nice on the
white version there is a silver band
that wraps around the phone gives you a
bit more of a substantial grip but
beyond that the layout is largely the
same up front you'll find a larger
5-inch display that takes that nearly
the entire front of the phone along with
an array of sensors and the front-facing
camera up top and the physical home
button pair with capacitive menu and
back keys below the volume rocker has
been moved up on the left side and
you'll find the sleep/wake button over
on the right side up top is the
headphone jack secondary microphone
along with an IR blaster that lets you
control TVs and set-top boxes and on
bottom there's one more microphone along
with the micro USB port for charging and
syncing flip over the phone and you'll
see the camera flash and speaker grille
the back is coated in the same hyper
glaze finish as before and I really
don't like the feel of it it collects
fingerprints and dirt easily and it just
feels cheap on the flip side you can
move the bank to get at the battery SIM
card along with adding a micro SD card
of up to 64 gigabytes overall the
hardware feels decent it's definitely
very light and it fits a huge screen
without making the actual phone larger
however it lacks the premium feel from
the iPhone 5 or HTC one light up the
5-inch 1080p AMOLED display and prepare
your face for awesome I mean this is a
very nice looking screen colors were
extremely saturated in fact they're a
bit exaggerated however overall those
very little to complain about viewing
angles are great and the resolution
means it's practically impossible to see
individual pixels it is a bit dim in
sunlight but don't get me wrong this is
easily one of the best screens on a
phone period on board you'll find it's
running the latest version of Android
4.2 with TouchWiz as always Samsung
includes
a massive amount of extra features that
range from useful to gimmicky something
I found myself using quite a bit is
watch on which keeps you up to date with
TV shows along with allowing you to
change the channel straight from your
phone you can also use your finger to
hover over some things like in the
gallery app however I never really found
myself you
it with a 1.9 gigahertz quad-core
processor the Galaxy s4 is a beastly
phone as far as specs go take a look at
the benchmarks and it destroys basically
any phone out there in real usage it's
incredibly fast and smooth practically
everywhere however with my AT&T review
unit I've noticed occasional bits of lag
they're not common and probably easily
fixable with the firmware update so it
doesn't worry me but is something worth
mentioning the 13 megapixel camera is
fantastic the software is filled with
cool features including the ability to
take gifs which I tell myself using all
the time as far as the camera itself
goes and good light is one of the best
phone cameras period there's actually
very pleasant depth of field and thanks
to having so many megapixels you can
zoom way in and still have lots of
detail left colors can be a bit
oversaturated but overall it's awesome
take shots in lower light and it's still
alright
however noise is a lot more prevalent
and some shots are just not usable it's
better than most phones but no match at
all for the HTC One the video looks very
nice however the stabilization is
lacking in the audio is nothing
impressive
battery life on the Galaxy s4 is great
thanks to the 2600 milliamp hour battery
for me it was easily enough to last
through a full day of use and quite a
bit better than the HTC One or galaxy s3
overall I'm impressed by the Galaxy s4
as it's a solid upgrade pretty much
across the board compared to the galaxy
s3 now my one complaint is that the
build quality really isn't anything all
that special now don't get me wrong it's
still totally fine compared to most
phones if you take a look at something
like an iPhone 5 or an HTC One they feel
special they feel really premium what
does the galaxy s4 pretty much just
feels like a normal plastic phone
however of course on the flip side you
do have access to the micro SD card slot
to expand your memory as well as being
able to swap the battery so it is a
trade-off overall though the galaxy s4
is a fantastic phone with an awesome
screen a fantastic camera and of course
a pretty solid operating system thanks
to Android 4.2 so while some of the
TouchWiz optimizations so if you guys
are interested in the galaxy s4 I
definitely do recommend it it is a very
very good phone if you're interested
more feel free to check out my speedtest
between the galaxy s4 and the HTC one if
you enjoyed definitely be sure to leave
this video a thumbs up and be sure to
subscribe for more videos like this
anyway guys I will catch you next time
you